_Tutorial_
Hey there!
I'm glad you finally made it to East Lula :)
I'm surprised you went with a house on Meadow Lane, though I guess there aren't other places that come with a farm...
Can you see it from your window? Must be a nice sight in the morning.
Actually, why don't you try going there now?
Holding down on the controller's trigger will enable you to interact with objects.
Just point towards the door to your farm and press the trigger to go there!
Oh! And if you want to put your phone away, just press the menu button.
If you want to review this conversation, you can bring your phone back up by pressing up on the D-Pad.
_Tutorial_
_Farm_
Nice!
Looks like you already have a couple farm plots ready to go.
If you press down on your D-Pad you will open up your inventory
Just take out your tools and start farming :)
You can navigate through your inventory by using the D-Pad.
Up and Down will change the category, while left and right will change the items.
If you press on the center of your D-Pad, you will equip whatever item you are currently selecting.
Now then, you should start growing something :)
There should be some seeds lying around here somewhere.
But make sure to hit the dirt with your hoe to plant the seeds properly.
And remember, your plants need to be watered everyday if you want them to grow!
Once you are done, you can put the seed packet in your inventory (the floating barrel around you) and then go to bed :)
_Farm_
_Bus_
I see you want to explore some more of the town.
Public transportation  will let you get where you want to go.
Just select which destination you want to go to on the vending machine (the same way you selected the door to exit).
To pay for your ticket, take out your phone, go to your money app, and scan it.
All you need to do then is pick up your ticket, and you'll be on your way!
_Bus_
_HappyMart_
If you want to grow new produce, you’ll have to buy seeds.
Happy Mart is the place to do so!
Just grab any of the seed packets and drop them in the container by the vending machine.
Once you are done, you can just pay the same way as when you bought the bus ticket.
Your purchase will automatically be added to your inventory!
_HappyMart_
_MarketStall_
Once you feel like you have grown enough produce, you can come here, the Town Square, and sell them.
Just go inside of your stall.
Once there, you should see various empty containers.
After you press the button to open your stall and start selling, the produce inside your inventory will automatically fill those containers.
Each container is assigned one type of produce.
Customers will start approaching you asking for specific products.
The recipes for each product will be posted on the walls inside your stall.
You can use those as a reference to know exactly what kind of produce the customer wants.
Just grab the produce from the corresponding container, and place it in front of the right customer.
Make sure to provide all the right produce in a timely manner so that you get paid, otherwise the customer will just leave.
Customers will keep coming until you have sold all your inventory... so be ready to sell! 
_MarketStall_